Add speedo log file performance metrics (#1289)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/performance/one-page.md

|`timeToFirstInteractive`|The amount of time it takes for a page to be able to reliably respond to user input.|seconds|
|`totalBlockingTime`|The amount of time that elapses between `firstContentfulPaint` and `timeToFirstInteractive`, which is a key indicator of lag.|seconds|

#### Detailed Metric Values

Detailed metric values can be found in the `performance.json` log file.

> This file is generated when speedo is run with `-l` parameter.<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file is generated with the `-m` parameter of either the `run` or `analyze` command.

```

Author: Done.

|`timeToFirstInteractive`|The amount of time it takes for a page to be able to reliably respond to user input.|seconds|
|`totalBlockingTime`|The amount of time that elapses between `firstContentfulPaint` and `timeToFirstInteractive`, which is a key indicator of lag.|seconds|

> 

Reviewer: We should add a heading for this table. 
```suggestion 

#### Detailed Metric Values
```

> 

Reviewer: We should add a heading for this table. 
```suggestion 

#### Detailed Metric Values
```

Author: Done.

> Detailed metric values can be found in performance.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed metric values can be found in the `performance.json` log file. 
```

> Detailed metric values can be found in performance.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed metric values can be found in the `performance.json` log file. 
```

Author: Done.

> This file is generated when speedo is run with `-l` parameter.<br />

Reviewer: Does the `-l` parameter also work with the`analyze` command?

Author: @lysannep yes, the `-l` parameter works with `analyze` command

> This file is generated when speedo is run with `-l` parameter.<br />

Reviewer: Does the `-l` parameter also work with the`analyze` command?

> The log file consists following metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log file consists of the following metrics:
```

Author: Done.

> The log file consists following metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log file consists of the following metrics:
```

Author: Done.

> |Metric|Description|

Reviewer: The [Metric Values](https://docs.saucelabs.com/performance/one-page/#metric-values) table includes a "Unit" column -- if applicable, we could add the same column to be consistent.

> |Metric|Description|

Reviewer: The [Metric Values](https://docs.saucelabs.com/performance/one-page/#metric-values) table includes a "Unit" column -- if applicable, we could add the same column to be consistent.

Author: Done

|---|------|

> `rrt`|Specifies the time it took for any redirects to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rrt`|The time it takes for any redirects to happen.
```

Author: Done.

> `rrt`|Specifies the time it took for any redirects to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rrt`|The time it takes for any redirects to happen.
```

`load`|The amount of time it takes for all page objects and dependent resources to be loaded.

> `score`|Overall Lighthouse performance score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`score`|The overall Lighthouse performance score.
```

Author: Done.

> `score`|Overall Lighthouse performance score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`score`|The overall Lighthouse performance score.
```

> `maxRtt`|Specifies max time it took for any redirects to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`maxRtt`|The maximum amount of time it takes for any redirects to happen.
```

Author: Done.

> `maxRtt`|Specifies max time it took for any redirects to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`maxRtt`|The maximum amount of time it takes for any redirects to happen.
```

Author: Done.

> `numFonts` / `fontCount`|Number of fonts for webpage to render.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`numFonts` / `fontCount`|The number of fonts for the webpage to render.
```

Author: Done.

> `numFonts` / `fontCount`|Number of fonts for webpage to render.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`numFonts` / `fontCount`|The number of fonts for the webpage to render.
```

Author: Done.

`numTasks`|Total number of tasks run by a browser during a request.

> `numTasksOverXms`|Total number of tasks run by a browser during a request that took more that X milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`numTasksOverXms`|Total number of tasks run by a browser during a request that took more than X milliseconds.
```

> `numTasksOverXms`|Total number of tasks run by a browser during a request that took more that X milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`numTasksOverXms`|Total number of tasks run by a browser during a request that took more than X milliseconds.
```

Author: Done

`fontSize`|Size of the rendered fonts.
`firstPaint`|The time it takes to render the first pixel on the page once the URL has been called.
`imageSize`|Size of all loaded images.
`numScripts`|Number of external scripts found while rendering page.
`speedIndex`|The average time is takes the contents of a page to fully render.
`throughput`|Network throughput measured during the test run.
`imageCount`|Number of rendered images.

> `numRequests` / `requestsCount`|Number of requests to server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`numRequests` / `requestsCount`|Number of requests to the server.
```

`requestsSize`|Overall request size.
`documentSize` / `totalByteWeight`|Overall document size.

> `totalTaskTime`|Time to fulfill all the scheduled tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`totalTaskTime`|The amount of time it takes to fulfill all the scheduled tasks.
```

Author: Done.

> `totalTaskTime`|Time to fulfill all the scheduled tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`totalTaskTime`|The amount of time it takes to fulfill all the scheduled tasks.
```

Author: Done.

`numStylesheets`|Number of stylesheets rendered.
`domContentLoaded`|The point at which visual content is fully rendered and backend scripts begin to execute.
`firstInteractive`|The amount of time it takes for a page to be able to reliably respond to user input.
`lastVisualChange`|The amount of time it takes for the final visual element to display.

> `maxServerLatency`|Maximum amount of time when server staled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`maxServerLatency`|The maximum amount of time it takes for the server to respond.
```

> `maxServerLatency`|Maximum amount of time when server staled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`maxServerLatency`|The maximum amount of time it takes for the server to respond.
```

Author: Done

> `firstVisualChange`|The time it takes for anything to be visually painted in the viewport. Calculated by video analysis, this is an alternative metric to firstPaint that is browser agnostic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`firstVisualChange`|The time it takes for anything to be visually painted in the viewport. Calculated by video analysis, this is an alternative metric to `firstPaint` that is browser agnostic.
```

Author: Done

> `firstVisualChange`|The time it takes for anything to be visually painted in the viewport. Calculated by video analysis, this is an alternative metric to firstPaint that is browser agnostic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`firstVisualChange`|The time it takes for anything to be visually painted in the viewport. Calculated by video analysis, this is an alternative metric to `firstPaint` that is browser agnostic.
```

Author: Done

> `totalBlockingTime`|The amount of time that elapses between firstContentfulPaint and timeToFirstInteractive, which is a key indicator of lag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`totalBlockingTime`|The amount of time that elapses between `firstContentfulPaint` and `timeToFirstInteractive`, which is a key indicator of lag.
```

Author: Done

> `totalBlockingTime`|The amount of time that elapses between firstContentfulPaint and timeToFirstInteractive, which is a key indicator of lag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`totalBlockingTime`|The amount of time that elapses between `firstContentfulPaint` and `timeToFirstInteractive`, which is a key indicator of lag.
```

Author: Done

> `serverResponseTime`|Formerly timeToFirstByte, this is the amount of time it takes to receive the first data response from the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`serverResponseTime`|Formerly `timeToFirstByte`, this is the amount of time it takes to receive the first data response from the server.
```

> `serverResponseTime`|Formerly timeToFirstByte, this is the amount of time it takes to receive the first data response from the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`serverResponseTime`|Formerly `timeToFirstByte`, this is the amount of time it takes to receive the first data response from the server.
```

Author: Done

`firstContentfulPaint`|The time from when the page starts loading to when any part of the page's content is rendered on the screen. In this context, `content` can be text, images, elements, or canvas (non-white) elements. This does not mean that the page is fully rendered.

> `firstMeaningfulPaint`|The amount of time it takes for a page's primary body of content to render. This metric is replaced by largestContentfulPaint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`firstMeaningfulPaint`|<span className="sauceRed">DEPRECATED</span> The amount of time it takes for a page's primary body of content to render. This metric is replaced by `largestContentfulPaint`.
```

Author: Done.

> `firstMeaningfulPaint`|The amount of time it takes for a page's primary body of content to render. This metric is replaced by largestContentfulPaint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`firstMeaningfulPaint`|The amount of time it takes for a page's primary body of content to render. This metric is replaced by `largestContentfulPaint`.
```
